With the consideration of component vectors, the following equation was used to find the acceleration acting on the x and y faces for their respective data. 

a = 1*(gravity acceleration) *sin(angle)
In this equation, 1 g is equal to the gravitational acceleration constant. 
The calculated value of acceleration was plotted on the x-axis of a graph against the least significant bit. 
The least significant bit was found with the following equation.  

LSB = (output)*(# of bits) / (output range)


The resulting graphs were then fitted with lines of best fit to observe linearity. The slope of this line is equal to the sensitivity of the sensor. (Check MPU-X/Yaxis Graphs)

Improvements -  
The idea behind this testing was that since the sensor outputs 1 g in the downward direction when stationary and level, 
9.81 m/s2 could be a control value coming from the gravitational constant. 
From there, the sine of the angle at which the sensor was placed from level would be multiplied by the gravitational constant to get the acceleration of the side axis. 
However, due to the kinematic nature of acceleration, this plan was flawed. It is uncertain that the ideas governing this plan were even accurate.  
An appropriate way to conduct this test would be far removed from the original plan. 
A more appropriate method for testing sensitivity would be to attach the sensor to a rotating platform. 
The platform’s cycles per minute and the distance between the sensor and the center of rotation could be used to find the sensor’s centripetal acceleration. 
The sensor could then be moved further from the axis or rotation to achieve multiple accelerations. 
This can then be repeated to find measurements for each axis of the sensor. The data could then be compiled in a comparable manner.  
When deciding upon a method for acquiring data, a major concern was preventing complications. 
The motion could easily cause tension in the wiring and either disconnect the sensor or damage the equipment. 
In a future attempt, it may be beneficial to find a method for remotely collecting the data. 
This would untether the sensor from the bulky computer allowing for a freer range of motion. 

